[DOC] CSV Reporting settings (#67742)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/reporting-settings.asciidoc

  large exports from causing performance and storage issues.
  Defaults to `10485760` (10mB).

| `xpack.reporting.csv.scroll.size`
  | Number of documents being retrieved from Elasticsearch for each scroll iteration when a CSV 

>   export is executed.

Author: > Number of documents being retrieved from Elasticsearch for each scroll iteration when a CSV export.

Is it correct? Maybe:

> Number of documents being retrieved from Elasticsearch for each scroll iteration when generating a CSV.

>   export is executed.

Author: Hello @KOTungseth - I'm not sure on this one, please let me know.

  Defaults to `500`.

| `xpack.reporting.csv.scroll.duration`
  | Amonunt of time allowed before the scroll context is cleaned when a CSV export is executed.
  Defaults to `30s`.
  
| `xpack.reporting.csv.checkForFormulas`
  | Enables a check which Warns when there's a potential formula involved in the output (=, -, +, and @ chars).
  See OWASP: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/CSV_Injection
  Defaults to `true`.
  
| `xpack.reporting.csv.enablePanelActionDownload`

>   | Enables CSV export from a saved search on a dashboard. This action is available in the dashboard 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | Enables CSV export from a saved search on a dashboard. This action becomes available in the dashboard *Add panels* flyout 
```

Author: The export is available in the following menu (not when adding):
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87379/83278037-3f46d700-a1d3-11ea-8f2f-454d125150d8.png)

>   panel menu for the saved search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for the saved search.
```

Author: Hello @KOTungseth - I'm not sure on this one, please let me know.

Reviewer 2: @lucabelluccini it looks correct as you have it.
